feat(behaviors): Add some more predefined behaviors (#2943)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/keymaps/behaviors/index.mdx

| `&ktap`       | [Key Tap](key-press.md#key-tap)                      | Send keycodes to the connected host when a key is pressed                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `&mt`         | [Mod Tap](hold-tap.mdx#mod-tap)                      | Sends a different key press depending on whether a key is held or tapped                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `&kt`         | [Key Toggle](key-toggle.md)                          | Toggles the press of a key. If the key is not currently pressed, key toggle will press it, holding it until the key toggle is pressed again or the key is released in some other way. If the key is currently pressed, key toggle will release it |

> | `&kt_on`      | [Key Toggle](key-toggle.md#toggle-on-and-toggle-off) | Toggles the press of a key on.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
> | `&kt_off`     | [Key Toggle](key-toggle.md#toggle-on-and-toggle-off) | Toggles the press of a key off.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `&kt_on`      | [Key Toggle](key-toggle.md#toggle-on-and-toggle-off) | Toggles on a key (sends keycode press event) on press                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `&kt_off`     | [Key Toggle](key-toggle.md#toggle-on-and-toggle-off) | Toggles off a key (sends keycode release event) on press                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
Could get rid of the parenthesized parts, but this reads clearer to me. Also removed the trailing periods.

(needs prettier)
